Artanis NEWS --- history of user-visible changes.
Copyright (C) 2015-2018
"Mu Lei" known as "NalaGinrut" <mulei@gnu.org>
See the end for copying conditions.

Please send bug reports to bug-artanis@gnu.org.

Changes in 0.0.2
* Notable changes
Updated for GNU project.

Changes in 0.0.3
* Notable changes
Fixed several bugs.
Support JSONP.

Changes in 0.1.0
* Notable changes
MVC support.
Migration support.
Optimized uploading for speed.
Command line tools.
Fixed many bugs.
Add several test cases.

Changes in 0.1.1
* Notable changes
Added debug-mode, which can reload modules/specified files on the fly.
Added inotify support.
Fixed several bugs.
Updated manual.

Changes in 0.1.2
* Notable changes
Rewrited session management. Now support three new backends simple/file/db.
Added HTML template caching.
Fixed several bugs.
Updated manual.

Changes in 0.2
* Notable changes
Brand new server core Ragnarok based on delimited continuations.
Good multi-core support.
Efficient static file uploading and downloading.
Fixed many bugs.

Changes in 0.2.1
* Notable changes
Make Ragnarok server core more robust.
Updated manual.
fixed argument passing bug when calling artanis-log.
fixed: catch exceptions before calling page handler and avoid to stop the server.
elaborated exception handling while uploading.
fixed many exceptions handling issues in Ragnarok.
fixed: catch I/O exceptions in reader and writer to close connection properly.
fixed: throw cookie for debug while encounter an invalid cookie.
fixed: search session id from cookies list in rc.
fixed exception throwing while spawning sessions.

Changes in 0.2.2
* Notable changes
Failed release.

Changes in 0.2.3
* Notebale changes
Fixed many bugs.
Enable strict URI checking for Ragnarok.
Make better exception throwing.
Upgrade irregex to v0.9.6.
Update guile-json to 0.6.0.
Create .gitkeep to make sure the empty folders could be git traced properly.
Websocket support (Preliminary).
Support LibreJS.

Changes in 0.2.4
* Notable changes
Fixed wrong continuations capturing in Ragnarok.
static-page-emitter can be specified dir now.
Fixed to avoid crash when encounter bad request.
Fixed support query parameters without value.
Fixed make sqlite3 work.
Fixed avoid bash_completion if it's uninstalled.

Changes in 0.2.5
* Notable changes
Fixed crash bug caused by improper connection shutdown.
Added new interface for better handling of uploading files.
Added tests of the new uploading interface.
Support request connection timeout.
Replaced old base64 implementation with industria version, the old one has critical bug.
Fixed typo in admin.tpl to make sure blog example work.
Changed generated migration filename from filename_timestamp.scm to timestamp_filename.scm, this will be helpful for terminal completion.
Rewrite authentication module to avoid side-effects.
Support Fibers server engine.
Use SHA256 as the default HMAC

Changes in 0.2.6
* Notable changes
Replace md5 with a better version from Gran Weinholt <goran@weinholt.se>, this fixed strange bugs in previous implementation.
